Scan plan for Normal beam calibration

   1. TCG for Normal beam calibration
   2. To create TCG calibration it needed for a minimum three FBH 3/64"

         dia or as required with different distance?

                                                123

   3. Open scan master wizard and press Teach In

   4. Screen image will paper
5. To create TCG -
6. Set all the parameters. start from basic parameters in the dialog box
7. Move to the Hagit calibration block and set:
8. material velocity-

         a) Range- Set the range until you get the back wall
         b) Gain- verified respond from 3/64" FBH
         c) Water path- set the distance of 76mm water path or

             according to the distance from the face of the transducer to
             the front surface of a part shall be such that the second front
             reflection from the test material does not appear between the
             first front and first back reflections. This distance (water
             travel) must be the same within ±1/4 inch for standardization,
             initial scanning, and final evaluation.

9. Set a minimum tree calibration block with FBH 3/64 dia according to

AMS STD E2154(ASTM E127) or other custom calibration block

with tree FBH.

10.  Move to the first position (standard no 1)

     a. Drag the yellow dot set on the respond peak and set with the

     Gain the amplitude responds from FBH to 80% FSH.

     b. Save the first point by clicking  on the toolbar setup.

FBH respond
from standard
number 1#
11.  Move to the second calibration standard and set the respond

from the FBH to 80% FSH

     a. Drag the second yellow dot set on the respond peak and set

     with the Gain the amplitude responds from FBH to 80% FSH

     b. Save the second point by clicking  on the toolbar
         setup

     FBH respond
     from standard
     number 2#
12.  Move to the higher calibration standard and set the respond

from the FBH to 80% FSH

     a. Drag the third yellow dot and set on the respond peak and

     set with the Gain the amplitude responds from FBH to 80%

     FSH

     b. Save the third point by clicking  on the toolbar setup

     FBH respond
     from standard
     number 3#

13.  If needed set another TCG point on back wall respond and

set the gain to get 80% FSH

     a. Click this bottom    to set the first Point before the

     back-wall. pulse and the second after the beck wall pulse

     b. Create additional points (At least four) in order to set the TCG

     from the back wall point as you can see in the picture below.
                                    Back wall
                                    responds

13. Saving TCG
         13.1 click save on the setup dialog box /TCG
